al + al != alal
al + bums => albums
al + bar != albar
al + ely != alely
al + be != albe
al + foul != alfoul
al + con != alcon
al + vex != alvex
al + here != alhere
al + by != alby
al + jig != aljig
al + saw != alsaw
al + tail != altail
al + or != alor
al + we != alwe
al + aver != alaver
bums + al != bumsal
bums + bums != bumsbums
bums + bar != bumsbar
bums + ely != bumsely
bums + be != bumsbe
bums + foul != bumsfoul
bums + con != bumscon
bums + vex != bumsvex
bums + here != bumshere
bums + by != bumsby
bums + jig != bumsjig
bums + saw != bumssaw
bums + tail != bumstail
bums + or != bumsor
bums + we != bumswe
bums + aver != bumsaver
bar + al != baral
bar + bums != barbums
bar + bar != barbar
bar + ely => barely
bar + be != barbe
bar + foul != barfoul
bar + con != barcon
bar + vex != barvex
bar + here != barhere
bar + by != barby
bar + jig != barjig
bar + saw != barsaw
bar + tail != bartail
bar + or != baror
bar + we != barwe
bar + aver != baraver
ely + al != elyal
ely + bums != elybums
ely + bar != elybar
ely + ely != elyely
ely + be != elybe
ely + foul != elyfoul
ely + con != elycon
ely + vex != elyvex
ely + here != elyhere
ely + by != elyby
ely + jig != elyjig
ely + saw != elysaw
ely + tail != elytail
ely + or != elyor
ely + we != elywe
ely + aver != elyaver
be + al != beal
be + bums != bebums
be + bar != bebar
be + ely != beely
be + be != bebe
be + foul => befoul
be + con != becon
be + vex != bevex
be + here != behere
be + by != beby
be + jig != bejig
be + saw != besaw
be + tail != betail
be + or != beor
be + we != bewe
be + aver != beaver
foul + al != foulal
foul + bums != foulbums
foul + bar != foulbar
foul + ely != foulely
foul + be != foulbe
foul + foul != foulfoul
foul + con != foulcon
foul + vex != foulvex
foul + here != foulhere
foul + by != foulby
foul + jig != fouljig
foul + saw != foulsaw
foul + tail != foultail
foul + or != foulor
foul + we != foulwe
foul + aver != foulaver
con + al != conal
con + bums != conbums
con + bar != conbar
con + ely != conely
con + be != conbe
con + foul != confoul
con + con != concon
con + vex => convex
con + here != conhere
con + by != conby
con + jig != conjig
con + saw != consaw
con + tail != contail
con + or != conor
con + we != conwe
con + aver != conaver
vex + al != vexal
vex + bums != vexbums
vex + bar != vexbar
vex + ely != vexely
vex + be != vexbe
vex + foul != vexfoul
vex + con != vexcon
vex + vex != vexvex
vex + here != vexhere
vex + by != vexby
vex + jig != vexjig
vex + saw != vexsaw
vex + tail != vextail
vex + or != vexor
vex + we != vexwe
vex + aver != vexaver
here + al != hereal
here + bums != herebums
here + bar != herebar
here + ely != hereely
here + be != herebe
here + foul != herefoul
here + con != herecon
here + vex != herevex
here + here != herehere
here + by => hereby
here + jig != herejig
here + saw != heresaw
here + tail != heretail
here + or != hereor
here + we != herewe
here + aver != hereaver
by + al != byal
by + bums != bybums
by + bar != bybar
by + ely != byely
by + be != bybe
by + foul != byfoul
by + con != bycon
by + vex != byvex
by + here != byhere
by + by != byby
by + jig != byjig
by + saw != bysaw
by + tail != bytail
by + or != byor
by + we != bywe
by + aver != byaver
jig + al != jigal
jig + bums != jigbums
jig + bar != jigbar
jig + ely != jigely
jig + be != jigbe
jig + foul != jigfoul
jig + con != jigcon
jig + vex != jigvex
jig + here != jighere
jig + by != jigby
jig + jig != jigjig
jig + saw => jigsaw
jig + tail != jigtail
jig + or != jigor
jig + we != jigwe
jig + aver != jigaver
saw + al != sawal
saw + bums != sawbums
saw + bar != sawbar
saw + ely != sawely
saw + be != sawbe
saw + foul != sawfoul
saw + con != sawcon
saw + vex != sawvex
saw + here != sawhere
saw + by != sawby
saw + jig != sawjig
saw + saw != sawsaw
saw + tail != sawtail
saw + or != sawor
saw + we != sawwe
saw + aver != sawaver
tail + al != tailal
tail + bums != tailbums
tail + bar != tailbar
tail + ely != tailely
tail + be != tailbe
tail + foul != tailfoul
tail + con != tailcon
tail + vex != tailvex
tail + here != tailhere
tail + by != tailby
tail + jig != tailjig
tail + saw != tailsaw
tail + tail != tailtail
tail + or => tailor
tail + we != tailwe
tail + aver != tailaver
or + al != oral
or + bums != orbums
or + bar != orbar
or + ely != orely
or + be != orbe
or + foul != orfoul
or + con != orcon
or + vex != orvex
or + here != orhere
or + by != orby
or + jig != orjig
or + saw != orsaw
or + tail != ortail
or + or != oror
or + we != orwe
or + aver != oraver
we + al != weal
we + bums != webums
we + bar != webar
we + ely != weely
we + be != webe
we + foul != wefoul
we + con != wecon
we + vex != wevex
we + here != wehere
we + by != weby
we + jig != wejig
we + saw != wesaw
we + tail != wetail
we + or != weor
we + we != wewe
we + aver => weaver
aver + al != averal
aver + bums != averbums
aver + bar != averbar
aver + ely != averely
aver + be != averbe
aver + foul != averfoul
aver + con != avercon
aver + vex != avervex
aver + here != averhere
aver + by != averby
aver + jig != averjig
aver + saw != aversaw
aver + tail != avertail
aver + or != averor
aver + we != averwe
aver + aver != averaver


** Process exited - Return Code: 0 **
Press Enter to exit terminal